docs - x-ray and action notes (#35334)
metabase/metabase: docs/actions/basic.md

Because basic actions are made of magic, you cannot archive them. You can just toggle them on or off. From the model detail page, next to the **New action** button, click on the **...** menu and click **Disable basic actions**.

## Basic actions from object detail view

> If you have basic actions enabled for a model, you can click on an individual record to view its object detail. From that object detail model, you can click on the elipses (**...**) select update or delete to modify that specific record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have basic actions enabled for a model, you can click on an individual record to view its object detail. From that object detail model, you can click on the ellipses (**...**) and select update or delete to modify that specific record.
```
